README.md, before:

# Hgk.Zero [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/psmay/Hgk.Zero.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/psmay/Hgk.Zero) [![MIT (Expat) license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This is a library primarily for use with C# that provides utilities I
generally don't want to be without. Currently, this consists of:

*   Hgk.Zero.Options, which provides LINQ-enabled enumerable containers
    which contain zero elements or one element, enabling a more fluent
    alternative to `TryGetValue`/`TryParse` methods and
    `ElementAt`/`First`/`Last`/`Single` filters.

## Ulterior motives

As much as this project is about the stated functionality, it's also
intended to serve as an exercise for me in documenting code, writing
unit tests, utilizing CI/CD technologies, and, ultimately, supporting
the software for anyone with the bravado to actually use it.

# LICENSE

You may use this software under the terms of the Expat License (aka the
MIT License, as published by OSI). Refer to the file LICENSE for the
exact terms.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with Strings

README.md, after:

# Hgk.Zero [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/psmay/Hgk.Zero.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/psmay/Hgk.Zero) [![MIT (Expat) license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

This is a library primarily for use with C# that provides utilities I
generally don't want to be without. Currently, this consists of:

*   Hgk.Zero.Options, which provides LINQ-enabled enumerable containers
    which contain zero elements or one element, enabling a more fluent
    alternative to `TryGetValue`/`TryParse` methods and
    `ElementAt`/`First`/`Last`/`Single` filters.
*   Hgk.Zero.Strings, which makes the functionality of the static
    `String.Concat()` and `String.Join()` methods available as extension
    methods on strings and enumerables.

## Ulterior motives

As much as this project is about the stated functionality, it's also
intended to serve as an exercise for me in documenting code, writing
unit tests, utilizing CI/CD technologies, and, ultimately, supporting
the software for anyone with the bravado to actually use it.

# LICENSE

You may use this software under the terms of the Expat License (aka the
MIT License, as published by OSI). Refer to the file LICENSE for the
exact terms.
